# 6.RunawayMonkeyFrenzy

Created: Dec 25, 2018 10:13 PM
Status: Discontinued/Shelved
Type: Project

---

# RunawayMonkeyFrenzy

One-page design document

*Game Identity/Mantra:*

List your single sentence description of the game that you will use to guide
design decisions. (Example: *Stylized action platformer about a meatball
fighting the dinner table.)*
In this game, you are an intelligent monkey that is trying to save the jungle from hunters and monsters. You can pick up and use any item you find to aid you. There's going to be a few boss fights that include humans, predators and prehistoric and mythical beings

*Design Pillars:*

List up to 3 words/phrases that convey the feeling or emotion you want the
player to experience. (Example: *Fast. Action-packed. Mayhem.*)
Mayhem, Rush, Parkour
*Genre/Story/Mechanics Summary:*

List what the game is from a gameplay and/or story perspective. (Example: *This
game uses a unique swinging rope mechanic to tell a story about what it means to
be a meatball...*)

*Features:*

List the cool features or unique elements that you want to include in your game.

*Interface:*

List the player input method, the controls, and how the player interacts with
your game.

GameBoy Screen Controls

*Art Style:*

Include references to lots of images and games that have a similar aesthetic to
what you're trying to achieve.
2.5D Chibi Artstyle

*Music/Sound:*

Include links to music and sound design similar to What you're trying to
achieve. You can also list the emotional responses that the sound should invoke
in the player.

*Development Roadmap / Launch Criteria:* and prefabs
1st Day
Implement 1st level with working features
2nd Day
First 5 levels playable with boss fight

**Platform:** Steam/Google Play/iOS/Web. **Audience:**
Age/gender/interests.
Playstore

**Milestone 1:** Mechanics complete - 0/0/00 **Milestone 2:** Boss fights complete - 0/0/00 **Milestone 3:** Levels complete - 0/0/00**Milestone 4:** Polish complete - 0/0/00 --------------------------- **Launch Day:** 0/0/00

---

# Draft

Jungle Monkey
MonkeyManiac
Revenge of the monkey
MonkeyMayhem
AgentMonkey
RunawayMonkey

In this game, you are an intelligent monkey that is trying to save the jungle from hunters and monsters. You can pick up and use any item you find to aid you. There's going to be a few boss fights that include humans, predators and prehistoric and mythical beings

Plot
Hunters and scientist are here to kidnap your species for some genetic mutation experiments. Save your friends before tjey are turned.

Origin story
You received your intelligence when an AI bot accidentally uploads a human consciousness into your mind in an experiment.

---